chapter 11 and it came to pass when job
in king of Hazor had heard those things
that he sent to joe bob king of Madonn
and to the king of Cimarron and to the
king of ox off' and to the kings that
were on the north of the mountains and
of the plains south of cheney ruth and
in the valley and in the borders of door
on the west and to the canaanite on the
east and on the west and to the amorite
and the hittite and the perizzite in the
Jebusite in the mountains and to the
hivite under Hermon in the land of
Mizpah and they went out they and all
their hosts with them much people even
as the sand that is upon the seashore in
multitude with horses and chariots very
many and when all these kings were met
together they came and pitched together
at the waters of Meryem to fight against
Israel and the Lord said unto Joshua be
not afraid because of them for tomorrow
about this time will I deliver them up
all slain before Israel thou shalt hawk
their horses and burn their chariots
with fire so Joshua came and all the
people of war with him against them by
the waters of Meryem suddenly and they
fell upon them and the Lord delivered
them into the hand of Israel who smoked
them and chased them unto great Zion and
unto misery full Mayim and unto the
valley of misper eastward and they smote
them until they left them none remaining
and Joshua did unto them as the Lord
made him he hocked their horses and
burnt their chariots with fire and
Joshua at that time turned back and took
Hazor and smote the king thereof with a
sword for Azure before time was the head
of all those kingdoms and they smote all
the souls that were there in with the
edge of the sword utterly destroying
them
there was not any left to breathe and he
burnt Hazor with fire and all the cities
of those kings and all the kings of them
did Joshua take and smote them with the
edge of the sword and he utterly
destroyed them as Moses the servant of
the lord commanded but as for the cities
that stood still in their strength
Israel burned none of them save Huzoor
only that did Joshua burn and all the
spoil of these cities and the cattle the
children of Israel took for a prey unto
themselves but every man they smote with
the edge of the sword until they had
destroyed them neither left they any to
breathe
as the LORD commanded Moses his servant
so did Moses command Joshua and so did
Joshua he left nothing undone of all
that the LORD commanded Moses so Joshua
took all that land the hills and all the
South Country and all the land of goshen
and the valley and the plain and the
mountain of Israel and the valley of the
same even from the mount Halla that goes
up to say here even unto Baal God in the
valley of Lebanon under Mount Hermon and
all their kings he took and smoked them
and slew them Joshua made war a long
time with all those kings it was not a
city that made peace with the children
of Israel saved the Hittites the
inhabitants of Gibeon all other they
took in battle for it was of the Lord to
harden their hearts that they should
come against Israel and battle that he
might destroy them utterly and that they
might have no favour but that he might
destroy them as the LORD commanded Moses
and at that time came Joshua and cut off
the anakims from the mountains from
Hebron from deBeer from Arnhem and from
all the mountains of Judah and from all
the mountains of Israel Joshua destroyed
them utterly with their cities there was
none of the anakims left in the land of
the children of Israel only in Gaza in
Gath and in Ashdod there remained so
Joshua took the whole land according to
all that the Lord said unto Moses and
Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto
Israel according to their divisions by
their tribes and the land rested from
war